All right so let's do this.
I can't wait to see how many millions of dollars this huge online retail business made thanks to us.
I suppose it's going to be millions of dollars.
And keep in mind that what we're about to get here is only the experiment you know only the experiment
to find the best strategy.
But I remember that once it finds the best strategy of course going to deploy it on all its customers
to try to convert all its customers.
And that's where the big big big amount of money will be made by the business.
And if you want we can have fun and compute that but what we're about to do here is only the experiment
and you're going to see that it's already a pretty decent amount of money.
All right.
So let's do this.
I'm going to actually reset everything here by restarting the kernel.
And the reason is that I want to make sure that by executing Once we don't get lucky you know because
we did a lot of random tricks here.
No first of all in the Ranum strategy will we select randomly a strategy at each round.
So it's possible that we could get lucky even if statistically this can not be the case because then
thousand rounds is too much to get lucky with a random strategy.
But then also we have you know the simulation was again some random ones but still again we have enough
rounds so that even with one shot this would be statistically relevant.
But still I want to have fun and make sure that we get good result by executing several times.
So are you ready.
Let's do this.
Everything is restarted.
We can say we can select everything and press command and control plus answer to execute.
And I was wrong.
I was actually wrong.
Sorry about that.
We all make millions of dollars saved for the business but still they save quite a lot of money.
The millions are going to be of course for all the customers want the best strategy is deployed and
we can compute that if you want.
But here we go.
That's the difference between the revenues generated if we apply Tums and sampling and the revenues
generated if we apply the random strategy and the relative return is by which percentage and something
outperformed the random strategy.
And here we go 87 percent.
We almost doubled the performance of the Ranum stretch.
So let's do it again.
I'm going to ask you this once again to see what we get on average because again we have many random
factors here.
So here we go again and this time while the relative returns even better 97 percent and the absolute
return is even better as well.
So we're again an even better now again and even better now 127 percent and 92 percent again.
So we can see that every time we execute well we get great results great outperformance of the Tomsen
sampling algorithm compared to the run strategy.
So you see that's why I didn't want to fix a seed.
No because the execution time is instant.
You know it doesn't take long like the training of our moral case number two.
That's why I wanted to fix this in case a number two and not in this case.
Number three so that we can see the different results we get by testing several times and we always
get at least something around 90 percent relative return which is really really good.
And that's over 10000 rounds.
Of course if we for example do one hundred thousand rounds Well this will be even greater.
Let's see.
Of course it's taking a little more time.
But here we go.
That's where the million is one million thirty five thousand nine hundred.
So that's really good.
We're basically doubling the performance of our benchmark our asset is doubling the performance of our
benchmark.
And I want to say that not only outperforms the performance of the benchmark but you can try the other
algorithms for the not and then problem.
Thompson sampling will outperform all of them.
For example another great algorithm is called the upper confidence bound algorithm.
You can test it out.
We actually implemented in our machine early 80s of course and you will see that Thompson simply outperforms
the upper continents around also called UCB algorithm so that's why I wanted to include then's course
because it's a really really powerful algorithm that can really maximize as we just did the revenues
of the business.
And now just for fun let's go back on line and let's see how many customers have big online retail businesses
like Amazon or eBay.
So for example let's see Amazon number of customers.
Here we go.
Amazon number of customers is three hundred and ten million active customers.
So that's very good.
That's a good number.
Let's let's see how much money Amazon will make thanks to us that is thanks to our Thompson sampling
algorithm if we deploy this best strategy I remind that we're doing fiction of course.
I'm not assuming there is an existing strategy that has a 20 percent conversion rate to convert the
310 million customers to a premium plan of $100 per year that's all fiction.
It has nothing to do with Amazon but just for fun that imagine that we are dealing with Amazon here.
Three hundred and ten million.
And now let's see how much money Amazon will make thanks to us.
So here we suppose indeed that the experiment is done and that Amazon is going to deploy to Strategy
number seven that has a conversion rate of 20 percent on it.
Three hundred and ten million customers active customers.
So the competition is direct.
We just compute it here in the council.
So let's first get the 310 million customers right.
I got this right.
310 million customers that then we have to multiply by 20 percent 0.1 and then that we have to multiply
by 100 dollars because the premium plan has a price of one hundred dollars and now you're going to see
how important it was for the business to identify the best strategy because indeed what Amazon would
make in this scenario that is completely invented is well there.
There's too many zeroes I cannot even see how many millions or even even maybe billions it will make.
Well it will make actually six billion six billion two hundred million six billion two hundred million
dollars thanks to us.
All right so we did a pretty good job here.
And you can be proud.
Now I know how to implement this very powerful Thompson sampling algorithm.
All right so we'll do one less thing now which is to plot the histogram of the selections.
And that's just to experiment to see in how many rounds.
And something was able to quickly identify this best strategy which is strategy number seven.
So let's do that in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.